Update SLICOT to 5.7 with BSD license (#152)
python-control/Slycot: README.rst

inside the source directory will fail, unless the compiled wrapper library has
been installed into that directory. Note that the ``[tool:pytest]`` section
in ``setup.cfg`` enforces the ``--pyargs slycot`` argument by default.

License
-------
Up until version 0.4, Slycot used a version of SLICOT, which was released under

> the GPLv2 license. This mandates to release Slycot under the same license. In

Author: ```suggestion
the GPLv2 license. This requires Slycot to be released under the same license. In
```
